1)☑ Quick Setup Width/Height properties only update after have the control re-clicked
   (NVM since when mouse is released all the attributes are refreshed anyway).

2) Add control wrapper duplication
2.1) Allow CTRL+C , CTRL+V
2.2) When duplicate add a little offset to the layoutX and layoutY of the cloned
2.3) Allow to clone every selected ControlWrapper

3) Wrappers stacking notice
3.1) If two or more wrappers are stacked one on top of each others, have a little conversion icon appear
     with the amount stacked. Clicking it will have a context menu appear with a preview of the stacked wrapper.
     Pressing one icon will allow you to select that specific wrapper.
3.2) If a wrapper is selected but is not the one on top, decrease the opacity of the others to allow you to see it!

4)☑ Allow a Control Wrappers context menu to appear only if selected (Should help with the [3])
4.1)☑ Control wrapper should be draggable only if selected

5) Do a lot of cleanup on data cloning. There is a lot of confusion of what does what (Especially on naming convention)
   and avoid creating waste objects.

6) Redo a big part of the whole "RedoUndo" system. Right now is a bit too clonky and not easily manageable

7)☑ Create a tool part (Which will include the PictureBank and the Messages part)
7.1)☑ Add a triangle if a new message is present in queue aside the menu (Message have been split in a separate menu)

8) Fix all the UIs that are size-dependant
8.1) Control Setup Menu really needs a re-done. Is not that good :(

9) Add an alarm page to allow to create alarms

Control Wrapper Selection

1)☑ Have a "main" selection that will be the main to gather information for the quick setup
1.1)☑ The main selection is also the one's parameters visualized in the quick setup

2) Allow changing parameters to multiple control wrappers at the same time

3) Have the context menu to be different when having more than one ControlWrapper selected.
3.1) Add options for alignment (Based on side top, bottom, left and right)
3.2) Add options for vertical and horizontal centering (Align based on the center of the object instead of the side)
3.3) When multiple selected, the default context menu of the control wrapper is NOT shown

NEW Control Panes

Instead of adding a single control, have some pre-made structures.

1) Add an automatic page change system. A board that automagically adds page change buttons inside them!

2) An alarm list (After the alarms are implemented)

MORE Control Wrappers

1) Slider (This is an INPUT Control so there is no ReadAddress)
1.1) Add option to add the current value selected inside the slider's moving circle
1.2) Add customization options for the moving circle

2) Simple Shapes
2.1) Add some simple configurable shapes (e.g. rect, circle and triangle)
2.2) Have the same configuration options as the others but without any other objective than being decorative
2.3) This could be achieved to an extend by using buttons but they are more intended for communication than decoration (Only square shapes)